Add basic docs. (#4)
zarhus/docs: docs/getting-started/flashing.md

# Flashing Zarhus OS

There are many ways an OS can be flashed and booted on embedded platform, but
the most common one is using an SD card. This guide will describe SD card
flashing only, because all other ways to flash the image are highly
target-specific and are described [per-target](../supported-targets/targets.md).

## Flashing SD card

This section demonstrates how to flash a Zarhus OS image on the SD card.

> ### Prerequisites

Author: Fixed here eaa2ab81ced422f758e8d85075b4cceb2aaad608.

* Linux PC (tested on `Ubuntu 20.04 LTS`);
* [bmaptool](https://source.tizen.org/documentation/reference/bmaptool)
  installed:

    ```bash
    sudo apt install bmap-tools
    ```

> * Zarhus Os image built according to [build guide](./building.md).

Author: FIxed here e1429e59bf60946a2a29f205edf11f82de7ca817.

!!! note

>     You can also use `bmap-tools` [from
>     GitHub](https://github.com/intel/bmap-tools) if it is not available in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can also use `bmaptool` [from
    GitHub](https://github.com/yoctoproject/bmaptool) if it is not available in your
```

Author: Fixed here eaa2ab81ced422f758e8d85075b4cceb2aaad608.

    distro.

### Flashing

Find out your device name:

```shell

> $ fdisk -l

Reviewer: Maybe use `lsblk` as it's output is more concise and on my PC I need to use `sudo` with `fdisk` (unlike with `lsblk`). You also use `lsblk` in `### Verification`

Author: Changed here eaa2ab81ced422f758e8d85075b4cceb2aaad608.

(...)
Device     Boot  Start    End Sectors  Size Id Type
/dev/sdx1  *      8192 131433  123242 60,2M  c W95 FAT32 (LBA)
/dev/sdx2       139264 186667   47404 23,2M 83 Linux
```

!!! warning

    In this case the device name is `/dev/sdx` **but be aware, in next steps
    replace `/dev/sdx` with the right device name on your platform or else you

>     can damage your system!.**

Author: Fixed here e1429e59bf60946a2a29f205edf11f82de7ca817.

> From the directory you ran your image build run command:

Author: Fixed here e1429e59bf60946a2a29f205edf11f82de7ca817.

```shell
$ cd build/tmp/deploy/images/MACHINE_NAME
$ sudo umount /dev/sdx*

> $ sudo bmaptool copy --bmap IMAGE_NAME-IMAGE_TYPE-MACHINE_NAME.rootfs.wic.bmap IMAGE_NAME-IMAGE_TYPE-MACHINE_NAME.rootfs.wic.gz /dev/sdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ sudo bmaptool copy IMAGE_NAME-IMAGE_TYPE-MACHINE_NAME.rootfs.wic.gz /dev/sdx
```

bmaptool will automatically look for file with the same name but with `.bmap` ending instead of `.gz`

Author: Changed here eaa2ab81ced422f758e8d85075b4cceb2aaad608.

```

!!! note

    Replace `MACHINE_NAME` with the name of the machine you have built the image
    for, `IMAGE_TYPE` with `debug` or `prod` and `IMAGE_NAME` with the name of
    the image you have built.

You should see output similar to this:

```shell
bmaptool: info: block map format version 2.0
bmaptool: info: 85971 blocks of size 4096 (335.8 MiB), mapped 42910 blocks (167.6 MiB or 49.9%)
bmaptool: info: copying image 'zarhus-base-image-debug-zarhus-machine-cm3.rootfs.wic.gz' to block device '/dev/sdx' using bmap file 'zarhus-base-image-debug-zarhus-machine-cm3.rootfs.wic.bmap'
bmaptool: info: 100% copied
bmaptool: info: synchronizing '/dev/sdx'
bmaptool: info: copying time: 11.1s, copying speed 15.1 MiB/sec
```

> # Verification

Author: Fixed here e1429e59bf60946a2a29f205edf11f82de7ca817.

> # Verification

Reviewer 2: @DaniilKl ok, so it was not the problem here, but thanks anyway for fixing the header. @DaniilKl what do you think about changing the toc depth to level `3`? https://github.com/zarhus/docs/blob/main/mkdocs.yml#L44

> # Verification

Author: I am not sure if I understand this parameter. Does it control the depth of the table of contents on the left side of the site? If so - I don't mind.

> # Verification

Reviewer 2: @DaniilKl the right side, the ToC of the currently opened document. I'd prefer 3 levels, so if you don't mind, please change it in the yaml

> # Verification

Author: @artur-rs, done here 8a37b056f6d3d19c71775257d6e8235809d9d30e.

After the SD card has been flashed with your image, the partitions (at least

> `rootfs` partition) should  be mountable. So, you can mount a partition and

Author: Fixed here eaa2ab81ced422f758e8d85075b4cceb2aaad608.
